+++
date = '2020-07-28T05:55:00+01:00'
draft = false
title = 'GSoC Wikimedia Bi-Weekly Report 6'
categories = ['Google Summer of Code 2020']
+++

(This is part of a (mandatory) blog series documenting my experience in GSoC 2020 with Wikimedia Foundation. This series should serve for record-keeping purposes and as a reference for future GSoC students.)

## Feature Added: Qualifiers

Yay, all frequently used qualifiers added in. (Mainly, to support qualifiers, we added those new question types to the system.)

## Feature Added: i18n

Yeah, internationalization was added, using flask-babel and flask-babel-js.

We’re probably gonna try and add French and maybe Traditional Chinese first.

## Working On: Public API

Since we started working on the project, we thought that the data our tool is going to generate would be very useful for other uses, such as to train a machine learning model, given the, supposedly, highly accurate, dataset being generated by our tool.

With this in mind, we thought that it would be a great addition to our tool if we were to expose a public API to fetch the data we generated.

Thus, a public API was created. Yay, xd.

(A public API, available at /api/query/contributions for all contribution records, and /api/query/users for all user confidence records. Filtering functions to be added.)

## Next Up: Unit Tests

One key thing to do before deployment (or before we could get other contributors to help with the project in the future), we should set up unit tests. To be honest, I’m kind of new to this, contributing to ISA is my first contact with unit tests, I’ve since learnt a bit. I’ll probably Google some stuff around and learn the right, and hopefully the best (?) way to setup unit tests. 🙂
